Bug 1724454: example VLAN configurations (#32286)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-static-network.adoc

====

.Routing and bonding options for ISO

> The table below provides examples for configuring networking of your {op-system-first} nodes.  These are networking options that are passed to `dracut` during the boot of the system.  For more information about the networking options supported by `dracut`, please see the manpage for `dracut.cmdline`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides examples for configuring networking of your {op-system-first} nodes. These are networking options that are passed to the `dracut` tool during system boot. For more information about the networking options supported by `dracut`, see the `dracut.cmdline` manual page.
```
These are suggestions based on IBM Style Guide suggestions and interestingly a recent docs team conversation about `man page` vs. `manual page` sparked by `kdump` work from @kelvinfan001. :)

ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp2s0:none
----

a|Optional: You can configure VLANs on individual interfaces by using the `vlan=` parameter.
a| 
To configure a VLAN on a network interface and use a static IP address:

----
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp2s0.100:none
vlan=enp2s0.100:enp2s0
----

> To configure a VLAN on a network interface and use DHCP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a VLAN on a network interface and to use DHCP:
```
Matching the wording you use in the next example on l129.
